Do you want to make a really beautiful lunch or dinner, but your table is very small?
We have a solution.
Today we will make a dining table of oak material for a minimum of 6 people.
For this purpose we need a table for wood table, glue material for the legs on the table ...
... router, battery screwdriver and drill.
Order to cut legs in the building materials store or carpenter.
The legs have two narrow and two broad sections respectively.
... which are assembled with a groove and a feather.
For assembly, we first need to know which part to which leg belongs.
Second: Where are the parts - outside or inside?
For this purpose, we mark the bottom sides with a triangle and a number ...
... to know what foot it is about.
For jaw and feather assemblies ...
... attach the wooden part.
Then we routed the router ...
... channels with a depth of 11 mm.
We have already cut the wide parts on the inside with the milling cutter ...
... and narrow - on the front.
For gluing, put glue on the groove and the front side.
Now put the pen in the groove and then all the parts into each other.
When everything is firmly attached, let it dry.
To do this, we put a residual piece of wood on the broad side ...
... and we take them with three cuffs.
In doing so, observe the drying time according to the manufacturer's instructions.
When the glue is dry, the foot looks like this.
When the legs are ready, we assemble them with the table top.
We placed the table top with the top side on a work surface.
On the inner sides of the legs, we mount these mounting angles for fastening.
That's why we broke through these openings, and that's all ...
... always 1 mm smaller than the diameter of the screw.
The edges of the legs are sharp, but the mounting corners are rounded from the inside.
To fit the two parts, we cut a small curve on the table leg.
When the brackets are mounted, ...
... put the legs on a level with the corners of the table top.
We put our feet on the table.
In order to stabilize the whole structure, we use these kings.
Tightly tighten the drilled bushings to the outside of the mounting corners.
Before you start with surface treatment ...
... you have to jump the edges on the table.
For this purpose, bend the edges at an angle of 45 degrees with sandpaper 180.
So then you will not be cut.
And the result looks better.
For surface treatment sand first with sandpaper 180, ...
... then - with 240.
Then wet the hob with a damp cloth.
On drying, the wood fibers rise, ...
... which you can sand with 180 sandpaper.
When working with wax, follow the instructions of the product